# Post Mortem

I enjoyed this project, and I think it was a valuable learning experience. I've never worked with C# before, and had next to no knowledge concerning development for Android s. However, when I took 211 I also didn't know C++. Learning C++ wasn't too difficult, since I had already worked with Java. Likewise, C# isn't too hard to transition to from C++. There's some nuances to building for an Android OS that I'm still learning.

One thing that I found difficult while working on this project was my environment. My computer at home is rather low-end, and it felt like a slight struggle/hindrance whenever I worked on this project. I felt that whenever I worked in the computer lab I made significantly more progress than when I tried to work at home. However, since I usually carpool with my girlfriend, I try to avoid making her wait for x hours while I get lost in code zone.

There was a number of issues that I was unable to resolve. One that really irked me was that I didn't try to deploy in release mode until just before the submission deadline. Everything seemed fine in debug mode. So I figured if everything is smooth in debug mode then I'll be good to go in release mode, right? Hahaha .... foolish optimism. Seeing as how my last name is Murphy you think I'd be better acquainted with Murphy's Law. I had spent the last hour trying to clean up a few things, instead of doing what I had originally planned to do (deploy in release mode and upload the corresponding APKs before the deadline, then work on finishing touches for the remaining time). Other things I'd like to fix, but haven't yet, include repeating operations. On top of that, the way I approached the code for this assignment is rather crude and simplistic. I need to clean up the logic and remove unnecessary steps/variables.

I think the most enjoyable parts of this project were seeing things come together, and getting pieces of code functioning. As is often the case with coding, it's enjoyable to see the puzzle pieces fit together. (Even if they are not meant to fit together in such a fashion.)

Advice to future students: work on this often and early. Also, run your project plans by your professor if you're not going with the default recommended project. I went with the default calculator project, for the most part. I didn't procrastinate on this project, at least not as far as my schedule goes. I started early and worked on it far more often than my GitHub submission history would signify (I was slow to get TortoiseGit on my laptop). However, I still ended up wishing I had more time.

Difficult aspects of this assignment, and future ones, for me are/will likely be time management and prioritization. I'm taking this class purely for fun and knowledge. I don't need the units at all for my graduation this semester, and since I'm already taking a lot of units from other classes, have an internship, and have a variety of other obligations... In other words I've overloaded my plate, as I often tend to, even more so than normal for this semester. It's a character flaw of mine. I had considered auditing this class to help me prioritize it less than the classes I need for graduation. I found myself working on this project in lieu of studying or working on assignments for my other classes. A risky game for me to be playing.

Currently my only advice for improving this assignment would be to make sure that every student is really running their project plans by you early on. So that you accept, decline, or alter their project plans as needed.